Do cover page, template is on Blackboard.

What we have so far is good as notes but needs expanding upon quite a bit more.

Organise differently (low priority, can be done last minute).

Read a paper on the elliptic fourier transform and add as an example to the report.

Something about eigenvalues (depends on number of terms).

Extracting a profile out of the image (chapter 3).

Check Danilo's website (does something similar for leaves).

Invaginations can be an issue if the curve isn't a strict function.

Make sure that the way the data is collected is well reported.

Try to reproduce the results of a paper.

Add more comments to the code.

Try to add code snippets to the document body. Actually pseudocode is better (try to find some pseudocode in a paper for reference).

Talk about code libraries.

Try to be more exact with the mathematics (lemmas, theorems, etc.). Find something rigourous for the elliptic Fourier.

Stick pictures into logbook.
Scan logbook using library scanner.
Find examples of code to work off from maybe.

Add history of the equation (background). Add applications for this (look in textbooks, especially relating to morphometrics).
Somehow derive equations.
Morphometry book is in the medial library.
Look up elliptical fourier applications on eg. google scholar.
Add accuracy metric to current code.
Add a section about the program libraries used. Flowchart for algorithm.
Danilo might email some derivations for the equations. (Or just read Lestrel paper).

Add more explinations of what the values mean and how they're clearly derived so that you have the correspondence between the elliptic fourier analysis and the
fourier series.

Look into what useful information you can get from elliptical fourier transform.

Don't forget that normalisation (by area) is important for comparing sets of coefficients.

Test the code relative to the paper.

You can make a description of PCA in the introduction and then state that the Elliptical Fourier is what is focused on.

Make the title more specific (ie. paleoentology instead of biology).
